---
layout: post
title:  "The Half-Elf Godkin - Prologue"
date:   2022-07-22 01:11:00 +0100
categories: overlord
---
Prologue

The leader of the Theocracy — the Pontifex Maximus.
Those that held the greatest authority in their sects — the Six Cardinals.
The heads of the Judiciary, the Legislature, and the Executive branch.
The Director of the Research Institute, responsible for magic research and
development.
The Commander in Chief — also known as the Grand Marshal.
Gathered here were the twelve members that made up the executive body of
the Theocracy. This was where those with the highest authority in the Theocracy
congregated, where they set out the general roadmap for the country.
It was neither spacious nor opulent, and none of those in attendance were
without a somber expression.
Not many people would be joyous given the occasion of course. The assembly
was composed of people who would consider each other comrades, and they were
familiar enough with one another to allow for some occasional humor. That is to
say, the mood among them was once a lot more light-hearted, but not at this
time. The air in the room felt as though it had frozen solid.
“The Sorcerous Kingdom has begun their invasion of the Kingdom, or perhaps
it would be more accurate to say that it had started long before now. The
Sorcerous Kingdom is truly terrifying, the Kingdom never had an inkling of their
plans for an entire month. The Windflower and Clearwater scriptures that served
as our eyes and ears are no longer effective. Had it not been for the Thousand
Leagues Astrologer, we might have discovered it even later... It is fair to conclude
that the Kingdom’s fate is sealed. We don’t have much time on our hands, so we
should start recruiting adventurers as soon as possible.”
“We’ve already begun recruiting in earnest,” replied the Cardinal of Earth,
Raymond Zarg Lauransan.
“Isn’t it a waste to just allow the Sorcerous Kingdom to plunder that country’s

magic items? Especially the treasures of the Kingdom. The Amulet of
Immortality, Guardian Armor, Gauntlets of Vitality, and...” The Research
Director said as he counted up with his fingers as if to emphasize the importance
of the last item, “...Razor Edge.”
“No, there’s nothing we can do about that. The number of people we can
deploy is limited. Even our own people within the Kingdom will not be able to
make it out alive.”
“...The Sorcerous Kingdom will be at our doorsteps soon. Ever since that
Warrior-Captain died in battle, his replacement, the one called... Ung-lo? Has he
taken up the mantle already?” The Grand Marshal asked, to which the Research
Director answered, “Brain, correct? Yes, if we could extract him along with those
items it would be for the best. He shouldn’t be the type to run towards his own
death, right? We might anger him at first but he’ll soon be grateful to us.”
“According to our investigation, he’s not someone who would do that.” The
Cardinal of Fire, Berenice, was one of the only two women within the executive
body. “Your opinion of him is quite high,” the other woman, the head of the
Judiciary, said with a smile.
“Wow, not only does our Cardinal speak highly of the gentleman, she’s even
diagnosed him with AvPD.”[1]
“So he’s the same as that Warrior-Captain... But, let us consider the bigger
picture. We fundamentally cannot understand the thoughts of people who would
allow themselves to be controlled by such irrational emotions.”
A few people glared at the head of the Legislature as he spoke, so he felt the
need to backtrack. “My apologies, perhaps that was a bit too harsh. Still, in my
opinion — taking into consideration the future of mankind, such reckless
disregard for life is a terrible mentality to have. I will stand by my point no matter
who stands against it.”
“He spoke of no falsehoods.” The one who uttered those words was Dominic
Ihre Partouche, the Cardinal of Wind and one of the people who glared earlier.
“However, just as we have lines we would never cross, so does he.”
“Does Guelfi-sensei agree?” The Research Director asked, not fully convinced.
Ginedine Delan Guelfi, the Cardinal of Water — an elderly man whose
appearance was akin to that of a dried log — nodded in confirmation. “I shall not
ask further on this matter then.”

1. The sentence above is most likely wrong, will have to check when I have the book on hand.

“While I’m glad so many talents have come to join our nation, what is the deal
with them?”
A few adventurer teams had already arrived at the Theocracy. Not only were
the new additions of Mythril rank or higher, but the Clearwater Scripture’s
intelligence also indicated that quite a few of them showed even greater
potential.
“They didn’t seem... no, never mind.” Yvon Jasna Dracrowa, the Cardinal of
Light, spoke with disapproval written all across her face.
Someone present suggested dropping honorifics, but Yvon countered sternly,
“It is only natural to show respect to one’s seniors.”
“Of course,” that person replied hurriedly.
It is true that in this congregation of Cardinals, honorifics were only used half
of the time. This was of course done to foster a stronger sense of camaraderie.
“That’s right... I also want to know how we will deal with this problem.”
“What should we do?” the head of the Judiciary asked. Raymond replied, “If
the problems originated from the fact that we cannot save some people, then we
should address it by helping them. First of all, the Draconic Kingdom. I think
going to war with the beastmen is the right call.”
“Ah, I see,” those around him said out loud.
Their intelligence indicated that the Draconic Kingdom had become
diplomatically closer to the Sorcerous Kingdom and had even purchased magic
items from them.
If they allowed this to continue, the Theocracy’s influence within the Draconic
Kingdom would diminish while the Sorcerous Kingdom would only gain more
sway. As a preventive measure, this proposal could be a brilliant move. Still, the
sounds of worry were aplenty.
“If the adventurers we recruited from the Kingdom were to teleport to places
beyond our surveillance, the news of the war between the Sorcerous Kingdom
and the Kingdom could spread. Would that not expose our covert operations to
the Sorcerous Kingdom? Would it not be safer to keep them within our borders
for now?”
“That’s likely not a problem. They would want others to regret giving up on
the Kingdom even after they learn of what was happening. It’s unlikely that
people like that would ever work with such a cruel nation. Though there is the
possibility of them obtaining information through mind-controlling magic.”
“Hold on, compared to that, wouldn’t it be more of a problem should the

Sorcerous Kingdom discover that we recruited magic casters capable of using
teleportation magic?”
“Indeed, that’s true.”
“We have always used magic items to teleport, the adventurers will probably
realize the truth if what they witness differs from their expectations. Even if we
were to impose a gag order on them, who knows what kind of information could
leak out regardless. Perhaps it would be advantageous for us to not reveal our
hand to the Sorcerous Kingdom yet.”
Ginedine Delan Guelfi, the Cardinal of Water, coughed a few times before he
spoke. “Hm, excuse me. While I understand your thought process, is it not true
that revealing our hand to our opponent can make them more cautious about
acting recklessly? That is how I feel about it.”
“Though I agree with Sensei’s idea, the existence of someone like the Tri-Arts
Magic Caster should make the use of teleportation magic less of a worry for us.”
“Pfff, but how many would know about that? ‘What kind of magic is the great
magic caster of the Empire capable of’ is a question that even we don’t have a
definite answer for, is it not?”
“Someone of his caliber wouldn’t care much for intelligence on teleportation
magic anyway.”
Ideas of all sorts were put forward. The Pontifex Maximus felt that they would
not be able to reach a decision if this continued on, so he decided on a simple
vote. And so, it was decided that they would deploy the adventurers to provide
support to the Draconic Kingdom.
That said, the recruited adventurers were equal to mercenaries in the eyes of
the Theocracy as it was hard to determine where their loyalties lay. Those
present at the meeting thought that it would be fine even if they chose to stay in
the Draconic Kingdom. After all, rescuing them from the Kingdom wasn’t to
strengthen the Theocracy, but to avoid the possibility of strong humans dying in
vain.
“If we manage to develop the technique to create spell scrolls of the fifth tier
and above, even something like teleportation magic will become easily available.”
“But even though we have worked on it for centuries, nothing came of it, not
even the smallest bit of progress. The Theocracy owns the manufacturing
methods for first- to fourth-tier scrolls, something not known in neighboring
countries. This is only one of the multiple secret techniques we possess. We
invented these techniques over the centuries to protect humanity and defeat

those races born superior to man. We’ve even managed to create the restoration
potion known as God’s Blood, though more research is necessary to improve its
cost-effectiveness.”
“Still, why would the Sorcerer King order such massacres? Even if supplies en
route to the Holy Kingdom were robbed, this was still an overreaction. What does
the military make of it?”
“The first reason is to instill fear.”
The Grand Marshal raised one finger. Multiple heads nodded in agreement.
“Second, the Sorcerer King is an undead after all.”
“‘There’s a deep-seated hatred for the living in him, and he is controlled by
that hatred.’ Perhaps some may hold that belief, but I disagree. Even if we assume
he has been waiting for an opportune time to go to war, our long-standing
observation of his actions would reveal to us otherwise.”
“We of the military are also of the opinion that it is extremely unlikely that his
motivations are so simple,” said the Grand Marshal with a stern face. After this
meeting, the others would surely complain ad nauseam about him “posturing,”
“trying to copy Raymond,” or that “he doesn’t get that there’s a time and place
for everything.”
“Ahh, so, the most likely reason is,” he said as he raised his third finger, “to
create a natural spawning area for the undead, like the Katze Plains.”
“That is possible,” someone murmured.
The Slaine Theocracy was a country that boasted an abundance of divine magic
casters, so the highest echelon in attendance fully understood what the Grand
Marshal meant.
The Sorcerer King’s plan was to probably expand that unholy land endlessly,
to then absorb any undead that spawned there into his kingdom. Such a thing
was normally impossible, but the Sorcerer King, being an undead himself, was an
exception.
They had heard that he had assumed control of the Katze Plains. Perhaps he
had obtained something from there that would prompt him to do something like
this.
“If that’s the case, we can anticipate their next move.”
“Why are you certain of that?”
“To maintain a clear border between the unholy lands and the Council State.
The unholy lands will then become a buffer between the Sorcerous Kingdom and
the Council State. And then...”

“...Then they will divert their attention to deal with us...?”
The room fell into silence. All members present compared the Sorcerous
Kingdom to their own country, especially in terms of military power.
Everyone bore pained expressions. No one could maintain composure.
The reaction was understandable, as they were reminded of the intelligence
report they had received regarding the Sorcerous Kingdom during their last
meeting. The Sorcerous Kingdom’s battle against the Kingdom on the Katze
Plains displayed their undeniably overwhelming and malevolent power.
The Sorcerous Kingdom was extremely tricky to deal with, even for the trump
card of the Theocracy, the Black Scripture and its God-kin members. Moreover,
the true power of the Sorcerous Kingdom remained unknown. The more they
investigated, the more it felt like staring into a dark, bottomless abyss.
“No number of troops would be enough. So we have to form a comprehensive
alliance with the Council State, huh...”
“That’s right. Then whenever we’re in a pinch, we will be able to receive
reinforcements!”
Everyone smiled sarcastically.
Reinforcements powerful enough to save the Theocracy would never be sent.
That much was plain to see.
True cooperation is impossible for states with completely different goals and
ideals. Some reinforcement could be expected if an alliance was formed, but
there was no way that the Platinum Dragon Lord himself would come to their
aid.
If either the Theocracy or the Council State fell, then the full might of the
Sorcerous Kingdom would come to bear on the nation not yet affected. To avoid
that, the correct move would be full cooperation to pool their strengths together
against the Sorcerous Kingdom. However, hypothetically, if the alliance were to
invade the Sorcerous Kingdom and win, what would happen afterwards?
Naturally, the two countries would return to seeing each other as potential
enemies.
It was not hard to imagine that after such a war, people from the former
Sorcerous Kingdom would flock to the two victorious nations. And as their
populations grew, the espionage war between them would only escalate.
Complete and mutual trust was never going to happen, even if an alliance was
formed.
Realistically they should only consider an option if it meant a complete victory

for the Theocracy.
If war eventually broke out between the Theocracy and the Sorcerous
Kingdom, both nations would be weakened significantly. The Council State
would then be the sole beneficiary.
The ideal situation would be all three countries standing firm against each
other, but that would require a more equal power balance.
“Submitting to the Sorcerous Kingdom would not be a bad thing. We could
work behind the scenes for decades or centuries until we make them crumble
from the inside. It would also grant us a clearer picture of the Sorcerous
Kingdom’s internal affairs.”
“The Empire became a vassal too, so it isn’t completely unfeasible. Also,
judging by how the Empire was treated, it is not that bad of an option.”
“But if we do that, would our citizens accept it that easily?”
“It would be very difficult to get them to accept it. One wrong step and riots
would break out.”
“Just brand them as fools.”
“Oy, that’s a bit too extreme. Save that as the last resort. First things first,
unlike us, citizens don’t have access to all this information.”
“Then, should we make everything we know about the Sorcerous Kingdom
public? Aren’t we keeping it a secret right now precisely because it led to unrest
in the past?”
“Stop arguing. Did the Sorcerous Kingdom not also have to devote a lot of time
to pacifying and administering their people after the founding of their capital?
So this matter and other things we will have to consider in the future will all take
time—”
“—No, we can’t be so sure. After all, the Sorcerous Kingdom destroyed
multiple cities and villages.”
The capital was populous, so it was unrealistic to think that they had been all
killed. However, nothing was impossible for the Sorcerous Kingdom.
“An undead, full of hatred of the living, huh.”
“We let our guard down because there was no unnecessary killing at E-Rantel,
didn’t we.”
“The Empire is now a vassal, they have intervened with matters within the
Holy Kingdom and the Draconic Kingdom, and now they have played the
Kingdom like a fool. At this rate, there will be no easy way out for us. ‘Submit or
die,’ huh? What a cliche, but we have to make a choice. If we want to make a deal

with the Sorcerous Kingdom, we will have to deal with one of our own problems
first.”
“Mhm. We should deal with that old, corrupt elf as soon as possible. Although
our future relationship with the Sorcerous Kingdom is not yet clear, we cannot
entertain the possibility of two concurrent wars.”
A huge amount of effort was put into exterminating the Elven Country, even
before the Sorcerous Kingdom was established. That was also why they did not
seriously attempt to establish amicable relations with the Sorcerous Kingdom
beforehand.
“Direct confrontation with the Sorcerous Kingdom is the worst-case scenario,
considering their overwhelming military power. Still, it is our duty to make plans
with the worst case in mind, so ideally we want to have them dealt with soon.”
“The Sorcerous Kingdom probably won’t intervene while they’re making
moves in the Kingdom, but depending on how the situation evolves, they might
still make moves to impede us. I can almost imagine it, they could act as though
the undead have naturally spawned next to our border. We must take some steps
to prepare for that possibility.”
“Yes... at the same time, we have to make sure the future of mankind is
preserved, even if it’s only a few.”
A few of them nodded in awe.
“Let some people go and seek refuge. They will be the remnants of our hope,
or despair, should I say.”
There was no country to rely on outside of the Theocracy, but they weren’t
asking them to become nomads either.
The Theocracy had a shelter outside its borders. It was no place of legends, but
rather just somewhere where people lived six hundred years ago. A place for the
human species, who knew only fear and flight.
It was guarded by one of the Six Scriptures, the Ashen Dust Scripture.[2]
“We cannot sit still. We must seek survival. Shall we each choose our
representative, and have that person choose for us?”
“Shouldn’t Lauransan-sama be the only one to go?”
“What?”

“In case we are annihilated, shouldn’t you, a former member of the Black
Scripture, be the one to protect and guide those who are left?”
“I cannot be compared to who I was before. The people probably wouldn’t
trust someone who would not fight until the end or someone who isn’t at the top
of our organization.”
“But—”
“No—”
“I was thinking—”
As the discussion grew heated, the Pontifex Maximus finally spoke, “Arguing
here is pointless. As important as it is, this is no time for that discussion.”
No one objected.
“Right. Then, let us talk about the most important issue. We can let those elves
go, but we must use our momentum and pursue that damnable Elven Lord.”
The Pontifex Maximus was like a completely different person, with palpable
hatred on his face. Raymond nodded in agreement.
“Give Certain Death a chance to choose.”
“Mhm. Even if the Platinum Dragon Lord knew already that the child was
going abroad, he is unlikely to kill her, given the current situation. My personal
opinion is that the Elven Lord must be given a taste of all the suffering in the
world before he’s executed. The child’s happiness comes first. I’m counting on
you all!”
“Understood.”
